OSSM-6416: SM 3.0 Document InPlace update workflow (#75532)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-performing-inplace-update.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: Procedure
[id="performing-inplace-updtate"]
= Performing InPlace update
:context: ossm-performing-inplace-update

> When updating {istio}, you can only increment by one minor version at a time. If you are updating by more than one minor version, then you must increment the version and restart after each update. This ensures that the sidecar version is compatible with the control plane version. After all the workloads are restarted the update process is complete.

Reviewer: The first sentence should mention that it only applies when the strategy is `InPlace`.

Author: done

.Prerequisites

.Procedure

1. Change the version in the Istio resource.
+
[source,yaml]
----
kind: Istio
spec:
  version: 1.20.2

>   updateStrategy: InPlace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  updateStrategy: 
    type: InPlace
```

Author: done

----
+
The Sail operator deploys a new version of the control plane that replaces the old version of the control plane. The sidecars automatically reconnect to the new control plane.

> 2. Confirm that the new version of the control plane is running and readby entering the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Confirm that the new version of the control plane is running and ready by entering the following command:
```

Author: done

:_mod-docs-content-type: Procedure
[id="performing-inplace-updtate"]
= Performing InPlace update
:context: ossm-performing-inplace-update

When updating {istio} using the `InPlace` strategy, you can only increment by one minor version at a time. If you want to update by more than one minor version, then you must increment the version and restart the workloads after each update. This ensures that the sidecar version is compatible with the control plane version. After all the workloads are restarted the update process is complete.

> 

Author: @luksa can you think of any prerequisites we should add for this procedure? Does the user performing the upgrade have to be an admin?

Reviewer: Yes, the user has to be a cluster admin to create & update the Istio custom resource.

Can't think of any other prerequisites except that the control plane has to be installed, but I guess that's obvious.

Author: updated

:_mod-docs-content-type: Procedure
[id="performing-inplace-updtate"]
= Performing InPlace update
:context: ossm-performing-inplace-update

When updating {istio} using the `InPlace` strategy, you can only increment by one minor version at a time. If you want to update by more than one minor version, then you must increment the version and restart the workloads after each update. This ensures that the sidecar version is compatible with the control plane version. After all the workloads are restarted the update process is complete.

.Prerequisites

* You are logged in to {product-title} as `cluster-admin`.
* You have installed the {SMProductName} Operator, and deployed {istio}.

.Procedure

> 1. Change the version in the {istio} resource:

Reviewer 2: you probably should remove the explicit list numbering here

Author: done
